it is said that Syrian was the most important star in the ancient world
It was considered the brightest star in the sky and brightest
that the sun
the great pyramid was built in synchronization with candle in such a way
that the light of the star shines in the queen's room
supposedly to use the light in an initiation ritual
if it is considered as the canine star
and the most malignant of the ancient Egyptian pantheon
the reason is because the services were sold from the Nile River
and during the period when Syrian was rising between the months of
July and August
it was the time of drought
It was the time when the ice was weak to be used for the irrigation of
sow then the benefits thought it was a time of strong light
drought and command
so it is strange that candle is related to the foundation of
U.S
according to the masonic author of january ovation
the declaration of independence was signed
when the sun was in alignment with candle in July 1776
but if it is appropriate to mention the relationship decided with the building and
with and Egyptian beds from the capital city the monument to washington
obasohan wrote in 1848
that when the cornerstone of the monument to Washington was placed on
sun would have passed over Syrian
and goes on to say that during the placement ceremony
the Syrian star could be seen on the horizon
rising over the capitol building
to the east of the monument
this monument was originally designed by the mason architect
robert m 2
media was trained by two masons we have already jovanna
who designed the white house and see call macho who designed the capitol
the original design of groupers contained all the components of the pantheon of
Mysteries we pay
an Egyptian-style obelisk surrounded by Roman pillars and statues
Greco-Roman
according to the original plan
the monument was to be built directly south of the white house
but as with many plans things changed
when they went to build it
and they calculated the weight of the monument
they determined that the place where they were going to build it
I would not bear the weight of the monument as a result
the monument was slightly diverted towards the east and although it is not in
perfect alignment with the white house
finished in perfect alignment in a north-south direction with the house of the
temple
which is another building or that was built a few years later
the construction of the monument to washington began on July 4,
1848 with the placement of the cornerstone of the monument by the president
Mason already in his time efe
the project would take more than 48 years to be completed
and during that time the money was very limited the civil war took place and
many ideas about the monument were developed
when the top part of the monument which is in fact aluminum was
finally placed on December 6, 1884
the result was a more simple and more Egyptian-style figure than what
I had planned at the beginning
the design change was the influence of younes
but who left
the man considered the father of the modern environmental movement in 1876 but
he was the American minister for italy
while I was there
he devoted many years to the study of obelisks that had been brought
from egypt
it was he who realized that the height of an Egyptian obelisk
traditional
it was approximately 10 times greater than the base
and it was the cause of which the plane of the washington monument has been reduced
from 600 feet to 555 feet
referring to the pillars and statues planned by media mars wrote
get rid of all the unnecessary frills of media design
and they built only the obelisk
while a true obelisk is made of a single type of stone the
monument to washington is built of many types of stone the intention
of the society that built the monument because the structure could
represent the idea
of many
on the other hand
The upper medium is made of 13 levels
such as the pyramid of the great seal of the dollar bill
but the mysteries abound in reference to the monument
and one of them
is the presence of a 12-foot obelisk
built inside a hole
located near the monument to washington
It would seem to be a miniature replica of the monument
but nobody knows why he is there
and such as the pyramid of the dollar bill
the top of this little obelisk was absent
the Masonic author unveiled asón
he is convinced that the freemasons
who signed the declaration of independence on July 4
and those who laid the cornerstone of the monument to Washington on the same date
they were familiar with the rising of the star walks Syrian
since it is an important symbol of Freemasonry
the interesting
Freemasons that symbolism is very important to them
there was no news of this draw is a beautiful place or because it looked
all right
Masons masters has put it to Diego that in that uprising his
sweat
that lifting of
forget about the gains of your light
as the Jeronimo doctor revealed himself before
for the Egyptians the true light that shines in the east was not our sun if
not the light of the star candina which some say represents a
more sinister implication the star candina is also related to the
ideas of magical ceremonies
also a modern way
it was especially true for the mazon occultist of the 20th century to the east
law lover who practiced magical ceremonies openly and was a member of
the secret society called the order of the silver star the star of
silver to which it was in reference to the Syrian star